---
title: The Book of Chaps by Lytton Bell
author: "xxx"
cite: "xxx"
---

32 pages $2.00. 24th Street Irregular Press, 1008 24th St., Sacramento, CA. 95816. [broadsides@sacfreepress.com](mailto:broadsides@sacfreepress.com?subject=basinskibookreveiws_thehold)

 I was reading this book in the bathtub and saying to myself that with titles like Confessions of a Cum Spittoon, Lack of a Lesbian Experience, and How to Seduce Me - that Lytton Bell has got to get immediately in touch with Cait Collins, Cheryl Townsend and lots of other small press women cause she is out there explaining the reality of woman's reality, like giving head fast in the morning because she has gotta get out the door to go to work. Frank, candid, the poems numbered by which lover inspired it, each work proposes a memory, a tiny scar of love, which is its lust. Oh delight, she moves about in the poem in lingerie of dusk and shadow with the knife of hearts ready to pluck your fig leaf off Adam and leave your penis a solitary cricket singing in the night.



36 pp, 2002. $3.00. 24th Street Irregular Press, 1008 24th St., Sacramento, CA. 95816. [broadsides@sacfreepress.com](mailto:broadsides@sacfreepress.com?subject=basinskibookreveiws_thehold)


A line in one of the poems, a poem called Nick, in this book rings? "Life broke people, no matter how successful they seemed." Oh bitter sweet and lovely and lonely? these poems by Knight about Dean and Natalie, Nick (the director of Rebel) A Time's Square junky like Herbert Hunkie (perhaps), Billy the Kid, Marilyn, but mostly about James Dean and Pier, mostly about James Dean? "The waves wash huge pieces of rotting kelp onto the beach in the rusty moonlight. I like it because it's so lonely." The lines ring and ring and saturated with thick Hollywood aloneness, which seems to be something all these characters represent and is something that Arthur Knight brilliantly captures in this series of works. Of course these people are no longer real people. They are the stuff of American loneliness the mirrors and images that all of us, the populace, desires but fears because of the absolute desolation that becomes an American Icon. An American lonely is the bright burning night of success that each of these spectacular solo moths circles around, tighter, around the movie light bulb until in a few sparks only ashes 


